Talk to you guys, gentle quiet beauty.
today without wasting time I 'm running
logo pro resp 1 a 1
We can have the pope quickly.
Who is this guy?
video is explanatory so you can
cloth in cold area kate and urban of good and
even with certain security
People, I'm going to show some places.
nice for us to have such cloth and people
has a certain guarantee that it will not
die with great ease though
Those responsible that I'm going
showing you to take it very softly then
the guys who are to kill the light type
or whatever, it takes some more
strong and will be able to change you with
great ease
she was the first respawn is the goblins
of this great mountain of goblin
people talk about it after someone who
do not know the goblins everybody goes
punches the punches and the pope has
A lot of people have all the time, almost everything.
world knows already on this walk already b
but whats my tip my tip is the
next face always there right where I
I'm going now because there's the boat there.
boat not the carpet and the carpet is
protective zone
so let's assume that you're there the cloth
a guy comes in April to sin in you and
you realize that you can escape from this
face and you make yourself run down a rug and
Come on, show you how it is.
this what I 'm talking about
People come up here again and I go up.
here I pay attention I got on the carpet is
pz that left the mount
so come on you can be the cloth
here around I believe that yes yes
There are some animals and there is a weirdo.
but it's already something that can park
around here so the cloth here here
only has goblin to iacc sobe 1 of bronze
stronger but it is easy of peace and escape if
see that you are dying and rest easy
You can keep grating your life there.
side rugs and see someone suspicious and
You might want to kill Secopa carpet
now we go here where we office
guys the drops is a lot of backup
known but there are a lot of people that are new
and ends up falling in both because the
that goes down floors and on the floor
walk up and die
What is the tip for the duartes?
independent of the one you decide
go down
you just go to the second floor of that
15min from the 2nd floor down you go
find soldier's and even more guard
and guardians who are very strong already
those and woods or dilsinho strong bush
worm that is also cd being there you
will kill soldier and hot organ too
After that you'll think I 'm Joseph.
rock the mote org and the normal year but not
third level you will already find soldier
yes in some guardian parts
here you will find it only and if this
part that even changed is would be up to
interesting give a ride here now
It has a lot of souza.
has a very large backing
interesting because you're telling me
you're also estrepando
going up a lot a lot a lot a lot
even going up a lot r happens right here
home has souza forth also in here
Also here is a quest that is up to
interesting if you do not have much
money you do is play and do this
quest to show how she is and she is
very simple in the galera you can mine
soft on the soft kill the pets
calm the forest that fills is not
can be expensive or not but just in
it's light is leaving well done in
guys
But beauty is still here to show.
You have a nice little bar here.
In this little bar you will click on it.
I already picked you go, there's going to be a
brother look at you
depending on whether the server can sell
even a ka which is very good at first
of the game if you do not have money then
you are going through
which picks up this item leads to the city
for you not to lose it is clear that in the
beginning of the game everything is worth even has value
any death can be a loss
very big and then you get some money
cool
I will now show you a tip here
Little the guy is killing you, you will be afflicted.
and talk little tells the carpet does not have a
good weight and much closer to you
get out of the bind because that here is
total trepp these bugs that only goes
want to kill, do not what I did, come to
come here to avoid getting you to
athlete is seeing here where 'ta'
yellow me here is pz you go
Running there, do not lie.
I said shit more here down here
ready until pz around this training
alone train alone do not derail
by train is pz then the beauty stumbling over
Here is the problem, the guy wants me.
kill I see you can run away
and come here to this area that p & g
guys this was the tip of this week
daily free next week maybe
veil with another video until the area has
some really cool tips to get the
My people, I'm really happy if you're
liking otherwise i apologize
again guys it was good if you're not
subscribe if you want to leave
One comment
Let me try to answer as hard as I can.
I get most of the time I answer
and thank you very much, I was